my wife for the flying saucers
my husband and his indestructible head
is there something special about today
no no they're on the calendar someone's
drawn a little hard
right above today's day today we are
celebrating
you bet we are
oh hello dear i'm agnes your neighbor to
the right
no i'm not single oh i don't see a ring
well i assure you i'm married yes
wife and i are looking forward to this
evening
mr heart of course why are they here
what are you wearing well it's our
anniversary
our anniversary what well if you don't
know i'm not going to tell you
but on the calendar was an abbreviation
your boss and his wife are expecting a
home-cooked meal
exactly from what i've seen here tonight
you can barely keep it together
now what are we gonna eat dinner is
served
oh where did you two move from what
brought you here how long have you been
married and why
don't you have children yet we are story
yes what exactly is your story oh
damn it why why did you
vision help him
we'd better be going
actually and the rings
well couldn't you make some for us
[Applause]
yeah what was that only your lovely rose
bushes
[Music]
are you ready to meet queen cul-de-sac
and her merry homemakers
pardon me is this a neighborhood watch
meeting careful take a big red
oh hold on he's funny
all right so who is that
who are you
who's doing this to you looks like he's
got a little hitch in his giddy up
whoa whoa
something strange happened with dottie
well
something strange happened before that
too it's hard to explain
[Music]
for the children
what
[Music]
it's really happening
what is that
now
[Music]
vision
you